Update actions doc and first touch tutorial screenshots (#7776)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/getting-started/actions-and-insights.mdx

First, navigate to the 'Data management' section in your PostHog dashboard and then to the 'Actions' tab, where you should then see a 'New action' button that we'll click.

<ProductScreenshot
  imageLight={CreateNewActionLight} 
  imageDark={CreateNewActionDark} 
  alt="Modal with two buttons: 'Inspect element on your site' and 'From event or pageview'"
  classes="rounded"
/>

In our case, we'll use the second option to create an action from an existing event. We'll then fill out the name of the new action we want to create - in this case, something like 'Sign up button clicked'.

<ProductScreenshot
  imageLight={NamingTheActionLight} 
  imageDark={NamingTheActionDark} 
  alt="Form to create a new action, with 'Sign up button clicked' set as the name" 
  classes="rounded"
/>

> **Tip**: Make sure to set a description for all your actions so you don't forget what they refer to - your team members and your future self will thank you!

Next, we'll describe which raw autocapture events we want to include in this action.

> We'll select 'Autocapture' as our event type and then fill out the 'Link target equals' and 'Text equals' fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll select 'Autocapture' as our event type and then fill out the 'Element text matches exactly' and 'Element link target matches exactly' fields.
```
